

Record date: 2083-08-26
SILVER RIDGE EMERGENCY DEPT VISIT

OROZCO,KYLE   560-40-78-5                     VISIT DATE: 08/26/83

This is a preliminary dictation. 

PRESENTING COMPLAINT and HISTORY OF PRESENTING COMPLAINT:  This patient is a 58-year-old male with a history of hypertension and diabetes who presents with fever and chills.  He is four weeks status post revision of an aorto-bifemoral bypass graft, which got infected and had to be revised.  He has been doing well, but now presents here with a low-grade fever to 100.9 degrees F. (he stateshis maximum temperature at home was 101 degrees F., while he was taking Advil for the fever).  He presents for evaluation.  He has had no drainage from the site, and has been home on IV Nafcillin for the past two months secondary to his graft infection. 

PAST MEDICAL HISTORY:  As above. 
MEDICATIONS:  IV Nafcillin, Lasix, Zocor, and insulin. 
ALLERGIES:  No known drug allergies. 
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION:  The vital signs include a blood pressure of 179/85, a pulse of 91, respirations of 20, and a fever to 100.9 degrees F.  The HEENT examination is normal.  There are some crackles at the left base, but the lungs are otherwise normal.  The heart has a regular rate and rhythm.  The abdomen is soft and non-tender, with good bowel sounds.  There is a right groin mass, questionably a hematoma, with good pulses however.  The extremities are well-perfused. 

LABORATORY EVALUATION:  The electrolytes, BUN, and creatinine are normal.  The blood sugar is 180.  The white count is normal at 3.7. The hematocrit is 29.  The PT/PTT are pending.  The urinalysis is 
negative so far, with microscopic pending. 

THERAPY RENDERED/COURSE IN ED:  The patient was seen by Surgery. The consensus was to order a CT scan of the abdomen, since the patient had a fever at that point, and so the CT scan is pending. Thus, the assessment was that this was a 58-year-old male with a history of a recent revision of an aorto-bifemoral bypass graft, who had been on two months of IV Nafcillin, and who presented with a fever.  Laboratory studies are done and cultures sent.  A Surgery consultation and abdominal CT scan were ordered, and results were pending.  The patient was admitted to the Emergency Department Observation Unit awaiting the scan, full evaluation, and 

disposition.  The patient was signed out to the 3 p.m. attending. 

CONSULTATIONS (INCLUDING PCP):  Surgery. 

FINAL DIAGNOSIS:  Fever. 

DISPOSITION (including condition upon discharge):  The patient is 

admitted to the Emergency Department Observation Unit in stable 

condition. 
                   VF918/05141

PERRY UPSHAW, M.D.       PU38                          D:08/26/83 
                                                       T:08/27/83 

Dictated by:  PERRY UPSHAW, M.D.       PU38 

Record date: 2075-01-07

NAME:    Villegas, Yosef  

MRN:      8249813

S:   Here for follow up of his colonic polyps.  He wants to know the results from them.  He is not taking hydrochlorothiazide and is curious about his blood pressure.  He said he has cut his alcohol back to 6 pack once a week.  He has cut back his cigarettes to one time per week.  He does say he has had some problems with his memory recently, although no other manifestations of dementia and no difficulty with ADLs.  He says he uses Viagra occasionally and it works for him.

Record date: 2080-02-18
SDU JAR Admission Note
Name:  Yosef Villegas
MR:    8249813
DOA:   2/17/80
PCP:   Gilbert Perez
Attending: YBARRA
CODE: FULL

HPI:  70 yo M with NIDDM admitted for cath after positive MIBI. Pt has had increasing CP and SOB on exertion for past two months, seen at PCP on 2/03 with EKG showing RBBB. Pt was scheduled for stress MIBI today to eval for cardiac ischemia. MIBI was reportedly stopped 2/2 to chest pain, though pt denies having pain during procedure. MIBI was read as positive for moderate to severe inferior ischemia and pt was referred to the ED for admission and catheterization.


PMH: 
Seronegative Rheumatoid Arthritis 
HTN
Right Carotid Artery Dz 
Obesity 
Hyperlipidemia 
Diabetes mellitus type 2

Home Medications: 

Acetylsalicylic Acid (Aspirin)  PO 81 MG QD
Xanax (Alprazolam)  PO  BID
Atenolol  PO 50 MG QD
Enalapril Maleate  PO 10 MG QD
Hctz (Hydrochlorothiazide)  PO  QD
Metformin  PO 850 MG BID

Allergies: NKDA
Social History:  Smokes 2 packs per month, drinks 1 case of beer per month




Record date: 2060-05-21

HESS, CLARENCE

64365595

05/21/2060

Robert Y. Gordon, M.D.

WMNH Internal Medicine Olney

494 Fairhaven Road

Olney, OH  23751

Dear Dr. Gordon:

I had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Hess in followup in Cardiology today.  As you know, he is a 54-year-old gentleman who underwent implantation of a permanent pacemaker on 02/11/2060 for his presyncope and pauses on Holter monitoring.

His past medical history is significant for hyperlipidemia, gastroesophageal reflux disease, and asthma.  Prior to his pacemaker placement, an exercise stress test was performed because of a history of exertional chest pain.  He was able to exercise for 8 minutes and 4 seconds.  The test was terminated for 7/10 substernal chest pain, but no hypotension or overt ECG changes were noted.  We proceeded to pacemaker implant and Mr. Hess has done well since that time.  He remarks that his intermittent symptoms of lightheadedness have resolved.  However, he occasionally still has nocturnal palpitations as well as occasional exertional chest discomfort.  He tells me that he underwent testing at Wheatland Memorial consisting of a stress test with MIBI imaging that perhaps showed an abnormality, though the report of this test is not available to me today for review.

Interrogation today of his Medtronic Kappa CTE 226 pacemaker reveals that his underlying rhythm is sinus tachycardia with intact AV conduction.  The estimated longevity on the battery life is 95 months.  The atrial impedance is 544 ohms and the ventricular impedance is 519 ohms.  The P-wave in the atrium is 5.6 mV and the R-wave in the ventricle is 31 mV.  The threshold in the atrium is stable at 0.5 V at 0.4 msec, and the threshold in the ventricle is also stable at 0.5 V at 0.4 msec.

In summary, the pacemaker appears to be working quite well.  However, Mr. Hess persists in a perplexing sinus tachycardia that has been present since his last pacemaker interrogation.  I have therefore ordered an echocardiogram to rule out any ill effects of the sinus tachycardia or any structural heart disease that may be causing the sinus tachycardia.  In addition, I have performed a 12-lead ECG, which appears to show sinus mechanism rather than an atrial tachycardia.  Today in the office, his sinus rate is 109 beats per minute with stable blood pressure.  Mr. Hess and I have checked thyroid studies in the recent past and those have been unremarkable.  

I have discussed this case with Dr. Quatrell Swanson who has agreed to assist in Cardiology care for Mr. Hess in the near future, since Dr. Law is moving his practice to the NCHC.  I plan to see Mr. Hess in followup in three months' time for his pacemaker.  If any issues arise in the interim, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Sincerely,
